Start documentation (#27)
FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools-mpes: docs/explanation/examples.md

# Examples

> You can find exhaustive examples how to use `pynxtools-mpes` for your ARPES research data pipeline [here](https://gitlab.mpcdf.mpg.de/nomad-lab/nomad-remote-tools-hub/-/tree/develop/docker/mpes).

Reviewer: This will be moved here also eventually, no? For now, please update to the north repo.

Author: ok

> You can find exhaustive examples how to use `pynxtools-mpes` for your ARPES research data pipeline [here](https://gitlab.mpcdf.mpg.de/nomad-lab/nomad-remote-tools-hub/-/tree/develop/docker/mpes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find exhaustive examples how to use `pynxtools-mpes` for your ARPES research data pipeline [here](https://gitlab.mpcdf.mpg.de/nomad-lab/north/mpes/-/tree/main/example).
```

> There are also small example files for using the `pynxtools` dataconverter with the `mpes` reader and the `NXmpes` application definition in [`tests/data/dataconverter/readers/mpes`](https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools/tree/master/tests/data/dataconverter/readers/mpes).

Reviewer: This does not exist anymore (?). Is it now here?

Author: Right, forgot to change the link
